
                       Foucault Pendulum
                       Development Log
                   by John Walker (Fourmilab)
                    http://www.fourmilab.ch/

2019 July 6

With the original period of intense development completed,
started this development log of incremental changes.

Created a master instance to prepare for distribution in the
Marketplace.  Set its name to "Foucault Pendulum v1.0".

Added a new "set shiny" command to set the shininess of the bob
and pivot.  Shininess is a value between 0 and 3 with 0
indicating a matte surface and 3 maximum shininess, like
polished metal.  Note: shininess values greater than 0 may
result in the bob and pivot not being displayed in some viewers
if "Advanced Lighting Model" is not enabled.

2019 August 20

Version 1.0 released in the Marketplace.

2019 December 2

Began development of version v1.1, incorporating clean-ups and
lessons learned subsequent to the initial release.

Replaced explicit degree signs in the script with references to
U_deg, defined via llUnescapeURL().  This allows keeping the
script in pure US-ASCII, avoiding confusion between ASCII,
ISO-8859-1, and UTF-8.

Removed unused variables associated with a dialogue since we
don't have one.

Added the ability to specify Earth gravity with "set gravity
earth" as you can do for "sidereal" and "solar"/

Added "shiny" to the list of set variables displayed when the
user enters an invalid one.

Renamed a local variable in the pendulumPeriod() function to
avoid (harmless) confusion with a global variable with the same
name.

Commented out the "test" command.  Since it's only useful for
those who edit the script, they can easily turn it back on when
required.

Added a llResetScript() to the on_rez event to insure that the
model is initialised to all default settings when instantiated
from the inventory.

Created local development Git repository in:
    ~/w/SecondLife/FoucaultPendulum/git
with:
    git init

Added and committed:
    Special files (README.md, etc.)
    Notecards (User Guide / Help file, initialisation commands)
    Marketplace (listing text, images)
    Scripts
    Logs (this file)

Logged on to github.com.

Created a new repository:
    foucault_pendulum
with access URLs:
    HTTPS: https://github.com/Fourmilab/foucault_pendulum.git
    SSH:   git@github.com:Fourmilab/foucault_pendulum.git

Pushed the production directory to the repository with:
    git remote add origin git@github.com:Fourmilab/foucault_pendulum.git
    git push -u origin master

Confirmed that my local "git sync" command works with the remote
repository.

The "set gravity earth" command actually reset the length of the
sidereal day instead of the gravitatinal acceleration.  Fixed.
